# Simple Conversion Engine
## Video Demo:
    https://youtu.be/RKE3Wgmrf-k
## Description:
    This project was designed as an engine to do simple conversions. This includes conversions mainly between the metric and Imperial systems and includes those such as for temperature (Celsius to Farenheit and vice versa), mass (kilograms to pounds and vice versa), length (centimeters to inches and vice versa), and distance (kilometers to miles and vice versa). It is made to have user prompts at each step to minimize error or usage of units that the program does not currently support.
    The different functions in this project are designed to be as modular as possible to improve readability and to give easier potential to modify and enhance and upgrade the project in the future. It starts with the main function, wherein the programs prompts the user for the type of unit they will be working with, i.e. mass or temperature. It then directs them based on their input to the appropriate conversion function. It also includes and error catcher if the user does not entered and accepted input. Once they are directed to the appropriate conversion function, that respective function prompts the user for the units and amount, and then proceeds to return the converted value.
    While I tried to be thorough in implementing this project, it still has its limitations and there were some choices I had to make while designing it. While I tried to include all the most common conversions in this program, it is still relatively limited, including only one conversion set per unit type. I also included prompts that ask the user for very specific inputs, and each parameter is, I believe, sufficiently noted for the user; however, it is not very open-ended as to what the user can ask for. I tried to make the program as modular as possible so these enhancements could potentially be added over time.
    Overall, I tried to execute this program thoroughly to minimize errors and maximize user friendliness. Overtime it may be enhanced, hopefully increasing these factors and adding more for user enhancement and capability.